README.md, before:

# farnsworth
text and graphics library for openpixelcontrol-compatible LED signage

---

###configuration

general, systemwide configuration is accomplished by editing the
config.py file

set the ip address to "localhost" if you're running a local opengl
simulator; otherwise, set the ip address of the openpixelcontrol target

```python
IP_ADDRESS = 'localhost'
PORT = 7890
```
set the global framerate

```python
FPS = 30
```

set the resolution of the target display

```python
PIXELS_ACROSS = 95
PIXELS_HIGH = 16
```

set the spacing between pixels on the target display. this setting is
used to generate the layout file for the opengl simulator. it does
nothing in production use.

```python
PIXEL_SPACING = 0.15
```

the sequence in which color channel data should be sent to the target
display. probably doesn't need changing.

```python
COLOR_ORDER = [ constants.COLOR_R, constants.COLOR_G, constants.COLOR_B ]
```

set the maximum time a hack will be allowed to run beyond its allotted
time before having its process forcibly killed, in microseconds

```python
MAX_DWELL = 1000000
```

set the maximum runtime a hack will be allowed to schedule. hacks
requesting longer time slices will be run this long, in decimal seconds

```python
MAX_RUN = 30.0
```

set the default time allotted to hacks that don't specify a duration, in
decimal seconds

```python
TIME_SLICE = 5.0
```

Commit message:

first version of jukebox interactive mode completed

README.md, after:

# farnsworth
---
text and graphics library for openpixelcontrol-compatible LED signage

##configuration
---
general, systemwide configuration is accomplished by editing the
config.py file

set the ip address to "localhost" if you're running a local opengl
simulator; otherwise, set the ip address of the openpixelcontrol target

```python
IP_ADDRESS = 'localhost'
PORT = 7890
```
set the global framerate

```python
FPS = 30
```

set the resolution of the target display

```python
PIXELS_ACROSS = 95
PIXELS_HIGH = 16
```

set the spacing between pixels on the target display. this setting is
used to generate the layout file for the opengl simulator. it does
nothing in production use.

```python
PIXEL_SPACING = 0.15
```

the sequence in which color channel data should be sent to the target
display. probably doesn't need changing.

```python
COLOR_ORDER = [ constants.COLOR_R, constants.COLOR_G, constants.COLOR_B ]
```

set the maximum time a hack will be allowed to run beyond its allotted
time before having its process forcibly killed, in microseconds

```python
MAX_DWELL = 1000000
```

set the maximum runtime a hack will be allowed to schedule. hacks
requesting longer time slices will be run this long, in decimal seconds

```python
MAX_RUN = 30.0
```

set the default time allotted to hacks that don't specify a duration, in
decimal seconds

```python
TIME_SLICE = 5.0
```

##invocation
---
run the start_jukebox.sh script to initialize farnsworth. by default,
farnsworth's jukebox provides an interactive curses interface. if your
terminal is too small, you'll be limited to non-interactive silent mode.

###interactive mode
---
interactive mode exposes the jukebox's internal state and allows you to
control it manually as desired.

key | function
--------------
q | shutdown the farnsworth system
r | rescan hacks folder so as to make newly-added hacks available
m | toggle manual mode, in which each hack runs until a new one is selected
<enter> | stop the current hack and (re)load the highlighted one
<down arrow> | move the hack selection downwards
<up arrow> | move the hack selection upwards
